Back then, I had a lot of dysphoria about
my body.
And so, it makes perfect sense now that I’ve
come out as a trans man, but I didn’t like
female bathing suits at all.
So, the idea of going into the pool in a female
bathing suit was also something that I was
like, “How am I going to navigate this?”
I’d much rather be naked than wear a bathing
suit.
I was spending a lot of energy trying to figure
out what to wear, and how to put myself together,
and how much stuff to bring.
I know that I preferred to be nude in public.
Like, in sex parties, that I preferred nudity.
It’s kind of like Isadora Duncan talked
about.
Full nudity is much less provocative than
only covering up a little.
And I think I just felt more free and myself.
As myself as I could be when I was naked.
And so, I think I spent a lot of time in a
towel when it comes right down to it, with
like a bag of stuff.
I was much more free in these safer spaces
than I was in general.
It was 2000.
I was having to do temp work.
I was having to basically put on a costume
to go to work and pretend to be, like, a corporate drone.
And because I was an artist and an actor,
I sort of played the role.
And I always thought of myself almost like
a double agent.
My clothes never felt like me.
In that space, yeah, it was kind of like...
I could be powerful.
Nobody’s asking like, “What’s your job?
What kind of car do you drive?”
It’s about who you are.
It’s about who you express yourself to be.
It’s about your connection with other people,
or at least that’s how I viewed it.